Here is an exercise program that you have to write this program is from the user and you have to reverse
it and check after reversing if the number is same than it is as palindrome.
You have to check whether a given number is a palindrome or not.
So here I'll show you how the program should run and what should be the input and what should be
o/p
And even the program file is given As pdf
So if you face any difficulty in writing the program you can check that program code. let me run the program
for checking whether a number is a palindrome or not.
I will run the program here is asking for any positive numbers so I'll give the number that is 1 2 3
so it will reverse the numbers so reversing 3 2 1 is not same as 1 2 3.
So number is the reverse of a number is 3 2 1 and the number is not a palindrome.
So this is the message I got.
I will run the program once again and I'll give the input as of 1 2 3 and 2 1.
So the reverse of the number is same as the number so it should be a palindrome.
So let us check the output.
So it says that reverse of the number is so-and-so and number is a palindrome.
So here I got the message that it's a palindrome.
So alreadsy we know how to take out the digits of a number so you can take out the digits of a number and based
on that you can reverse a number and once the number is reversed.
You can check that there is a palindrome or not
So the logic that is using loop you have to write down this code I mean focus on the program is to write
the logic in the loop for reversing a number .
So try this program and even pdf is available for the program.